vitess components flags update (#960)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/13.0/reference/programs/vtexplain.md

The following parameters apply to `mysqlctl`:

| Name | Type    | Definition                                                                                                                                               |
| :-------------------- |:--------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | -output-mode | string  | Output in human-friendly text or json (default "text")                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: Output in human-friendly text or JSON (default "text")

Caps for consistency

| -planner-version | string  | Sets the query planner version to use when generating the explain output. Valid values are V3 and Gen4 (default "V3")                                    |
| -normalize | boolean | Whether to enable vtgate normalization (default false)                                                                                                   |

> | -shards | int     | Number of shards per keyspace. Passing -ks-shard-map/-ks-shard-map-file causes this flag to be ignored. (default 2)                                      |

Reviewer: Number of shards per keyspace. Passing -ks-shard-map/-ks-shard-map-file causes this flag to be ignored (default 2)

Removed period for formatting consistency

| -schema-file | string  | Identifies the file that contains the SQL table schema (default "")                                                                                      |
| -sql | string  | A list of semicolon-delimited SQL commands to analyze (default "")                                                                                       |
| -sql-file | string  | Identifies the file that contains the SQL commands to analyze (default "")                                                                               |
| -vschema | string  | Identifies the VTGate routing schema (default "")                                                                                                        |
| -vschema-file | string  | Identifies the VTGate routing schema file (default "")                                                                                                   |
| -ks-shard-map | string  | JSON map of keyspace name -> shard name -> ShardReference object. The inner map should be the same as the output of FindAllShardsInKeyspace (default "") |

> | -ks-shard-map-file | string  | File containing json blob of keyspace name -> shard name -> ShardReference object (default "")                                                           |

Reviewer: File containing JSON blob of keyspace name -> shard name -> ShardReference object (default "")

Caps for consistency

| -dbname | string  | Optional database target to override normal routing (default "")                                                                                         |

> | -queryserver-config-passthrough-dmls | boolean | query server pass through all dml statements without rewriting (default false)                                                                           |

Reviewer: Query server pass through all dml statements without rewriting (default false)

Caps for consistency

| Name | Type | Definition |
| :-------------------- | :--------- | :---------------------------------------------------- |
| -output-mode | string | Output in human-friendly text or json (default "text") |

> | -planner-version | string | Sets the query planner version to use when generating the explain output. Valid values are V3 and Gen4 (default "V3") |

Reviewer 2: I assume Fallback is not supported by vtexplain?

Author: the core planner remain same, so all the planner option should work.
I can still try and see.

Author: I checked the test and code. The test passed on setting to Gen4Fallback or other planner version but, on the vtexplain cmd it explicitly check them to be "v3" or "Gen4". I believe that check is not required. Will update this PR as per vtexplain command expects.

| -normalize |  | Whether to enable vtgate normalization (default false) |
| -shards | int | Number of shards per keyspace. Passing -ks-shard-map/-ks-shard-map-file causes this flag to be ignored. (default 2) |
| -replication-mode | string | The replication mode to simulate -- must be set to either ROW or STATEMENT (default "ROW") |
| -schema | string | The SQL table schema (default "") |
| -schema-file | string | Identifies the file that contains the SQL table schema (default "") |
| -sql | string | A list of semicolon-delimited SQL commands to analyze (default "") |
| -sql-file | string | Identifies the file that contains the SQL commands to analyze (default "") |
| -vschema | string | Identifies the VTGate routing schema (default "") |
| -vschema-file | string | Identifies the VTGate routing schema file (default "") |

> | -ks-shard-map | string | JSON map of keyspace name -> shard name -> ShardReference object. The inner map is the same as the output of FindAllShardsInKeyspace (default "") |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| -ks-shard-map | string | JSON map of keyspace name -> shard name -> ShardReference object. The inner map should be the same as the output of FindAllShardsInKeyspace (default "") |
```
